Choosing a License
==================

Most Python projects are distributed using an open source license. Open
source licenses fall broadly into two categories: the "permissive" licenses
which impose few requirements on the authors, users, distributors, and
contributors, of the source code, and "restrictive" licenses, which are
designed to foster community by requiring contributions back to the
originating authors and maintainers of projects.

The goal of this section is to explain each of the listed licenses in plain
English, and to avoid philosophical debates about the value of particular
provisions of licenses.


Permissive
::::::::::

PSFL
----


MIT (X11)
---------

The `MIT license <http://www.opensource.org/licenses/MIT>`_ disclaims any
warranty or fitness of purpose for the covered work, and requires only that
the copyright notice and license text be distributed along with the
software. It does not distinguish between source and compiled distributions.

BSD
---

There are actually two variations on the BSD license, the `two-clause
<http://www.opensource.org/licenses/BSD-2-Clause>`_ and `three-clause
<http://www.opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause>`_ licenses.

The two-clause license disclaims any warranty or fitness for any purpose for
the covered work, and requires that source code and binary distributions
include the license text including copyright notice, list of contributors,
and list of conditions.

The three-clause license further requires that the names of the authors and
contributors may not be used to promote or endorse derived products without
explicit consent.


ISC
---

The `ISC license <http://www.opensource.org/licenses/ISC>`_ disclaims any
warranty or fitness of purpose for the covered work, and requires only that
the copyright notice and license appears in all copies. It does not
distinguish between source and compiled copies.


Apache
------


Restrictive
:::::::::::


LGPL
----



GPL
---


GPLv2
`````


GPLv3
`````


